# textbase
Tools and APIs for handling textual data.

Main executables / tools

mempass
=======

Memorizing passwords by describing each character with a secret.
The main binary for that is pwtranslate.
The executable pwtranslate converts command line input or files (-f):
It paraphrases text (passwords), replacing each character by a
"secret" that will tell the originator which character it is.
When an input file is specified, only the words after the keyword
"Password:" get translated.

It utilizes functions from the mempass package (textbase/mempass).
For the preparation of a pwSafe export (text) file use pwsconvert
from the sister package pwsafetools.
Tools (shell scripts) for managing input files to pwtranslate are
under texbase/mempass/tools: encryption/decryption of secret files,
automated genration of a mempass.txt that holds a system/password
list with all passwords being paraphrased with the secrets. Such
shells are targeted to zsh on MacOS.

pwsafetools
===========

As mempass (pwtranslate) expects a lightweight password list as
input, this is generated generated by executable pwsconvert
(textbase/pwsafetools/cmd/pwsconvert), utilizing the package
pwsafetools (textbase/pwsafetools).

headbox (textbase/cmd/textbox/)
=======

Generate headers for text files with title/subtitle, author and date.
It utilizes the package textbase/textboxes.

textbox (textbase/cmd/textbox)
=======

Puts text in a frame of ASCII characters.
It is rather a demo about how to use (part of) the textbase/texboxes
package, but the binary can also be used for drawing a simple box
with text in it.





